Example false systems include TFT P represented by TFT P colon flash memory represented by Flesch colon
RAM or system colon nv ram nv ram colon and Goosby flash.
And as an example you may have used be Flash 0 or use B flash 1.
This is dependent on what's available in your router.
So on the 1041 show file systems allows us to view various false systems available on the router.
Notice system nv ram flash TFT P RCP ATP and others.
Now Paik represents a logical internal fault system used for internal functions and commands network
is an external fault system.
So notice network for TFT P network for HDD P ATP and others so Network represents an external fault
system of different servers using different protocols.
Disk is used for flash and this is the place where the Cisco Iwate is going to be booted from by default.
Notice the hash sign or pound sign USP fleshes used for use B flash and NV RAM is nonvolatile RAM.
That's where the startup config is stored.
The show running config command displays the running config found in system the show startup config
command displays the startup config found in nv ram and show flash refers to the default file system
which is typically flash zero.
So once again show run shows us the current configuration found in system show startup config shows
us the saved configuration found in nv ram and show flash shows us the built in flash on the router.
As an example here we only have one flash card available but you may have more depending on the router
that you are working on.
As an example we could say copy and notice all the options.
Lets say copy nv ram and what is there different options here including the startup config so startup
config and lets save that in Flash.
As copy start docked if CFT show flash
days are copy start config and if you use the command more flash copy start config the shows us the
copy of the startup config that we copied from nv ram.